Add NSGA-II optimisation (#960)
NUbots/NUbots: module/support/optimisation/NSGA2Evaluator/README.md

> NSGA2Evaluator

Reviewer: Looks like this file might need updating?

Reviewer: You should check out other readmes, eg BallDetector and follow the styling. 
The description sounds a bit specific to the walk engine scenario, but from what I understand this module is not tied to any particular tuning, ie it's modular and generic. So the description should be more generic. 
The usage might be good to mention how to actually set up for any tuning, but maybe that would be too long and better off in a NUbook page. A brief summary can go here though.
Emits shouldn't say where it goes to - everything here should be modular, it shouldn't matter who picks it up what matters is what's in the message. What does the module do to create the message? What is a FitnessScores? Why does it emit an ExecuteScript command? And also put the full scope for the message. MotionCommand is probably message::motion::WalkCommand right?
Add in a `Consumes` section. What messages does this module use?
Dependencies should be the libraries or maybe utilities as well that the module uses, not other NUClear reactors. You can specify sensors in the consumes section.

# NSGA2Evaluator

## Description

> The evaluator half of the Multi-Objective Non-Dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA2) optimisation of our walk engine. Evaluates walk engine parameters for an individual from the NSGA2Optimiser module for fitness, using the robot sway and robot travel distance or distance in radians of rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The evaluator half of the Multi-Objective Non-Dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA2) optimisation algorithm. Evaluates parameters for an individual from the NSGA2Optimiser module based on fitness.

Currently contains implementations for optimising the walk engine.
```

## Usage

> The NSGA2Optimiser module uses this module. Please see 'NSGA2Evaluator.yaml' to set constants for boundary testing and scalars for multipath. No other human intervention is required in this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NSGA2Optimiser module uses this module. Please see 'NSGA2Evaluator.yaml' to set constants for boundary testing and scalars for multipath. 

To implement an evaluator for a new optimisation scenario, extend from the EvaluatorTask class.
```

## Consumes

- `module::support::optimisation::Event` Describes the current evaluator state. Possible values include WAITING_FOR_REQUEST, SETTING_UP_TRIAL, RESETTING_SIMULATION, EVALUATING, TERMINATING_EARLY, TERMINATING_GRACEFULLY, and FINISHED.
- `module::support::optimisation::WalkEvaluator` A walk evaluation task.
- `module::support::optimisation::StrafeEvaluator` A walk strafe evaluation task.
- `module::support::optimisation::RotationEvaluator` A walk rotation evaluation task.
- `module::support::optimisation::StandEvaluator` A stand evaluation task.
- `message::support::optimisation::NSGA2Terminate` Coordinates shutting down of the evaluator.
- `message::support::optimisation::NSGA2EvaluationRequest` Enables the evaluation of individuals.

## Emits

- `message::support::optimisation::NSGA2FitnessScores` Containing the score evaluation of an individual, to be used by the NSGA2Optimiser.

## Dependencies

> - `message::platform::RawSensors` Contains sensor data from the simulation which is used for calculating an individual's fitness.

Reviewer: this looks like it should be in Consumes?
A dependency would be the NSGA2Optimiser module since this can't really work without it.

NSGA2Evaluator
==============

## Description

The evaluator half of the Multi_Objective Non-Dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA2) optimisation of our walk engine. Evaluates walk engine parameters for an individual from the NSGA2Optimiser module for fitness, using the robot sway and robot travel distance or distance in radians of rotation.

## Usage

Thew NSGA2Optimiser module uses this module. Please see NSGA2Evaluator.yaml to set contants for boundry testing and scallers for multipath. No other human intervention required in this module.

## Consumes
- `Event` (Evaluator state - WAITING_FOR_REQUEST, SETTING_UP_TRIAL, RESETTING_SIMULATION, EVALUATING, TERMINATING_EARLY, TERMINATING_GRACEFULLY, and FINISHED)
- `WalkEvaluator` (Walk evaluation task)
- `StrafeEvaluator` (Strafe evaluation task)
- `RotationEvaluator` (Rotation evaluation task)
- `StandEvaluator` (Stand evaluation task)

## Emits

- `NSGA2FitnessScores` (to NSGA2Optimiser)

> - `MotionCommand` (to WalkEngine)

Reviewer 2: I don't see MotionCommand being used either so should this be removed? I'm also not sure how WalkCommands is used so I don't know how to go about including this.

> - `MotionCommand` (to WalkEngine)

Author: At a high level, you want to be able to emit something to the WalkEngine to enable things like optimising composite paths (i.e. going beyond optimising a straight line walk). I don't remember the details of how that was envisioned to be implemented though - it's likely the readme is out of sync with the implementation.

> - `MotionCommand` (to WalkEngine)

Reviewer: If these aren't used, then I would remove them. In the future, we can update the implementation and readme with this kind of functionality. With the new Director behaviour system, these messages (MotionCommand, ExecuteScript) are no longer relevant.

- `ExecuteScript` (to ScriptEngine, to stand up, and stand still)

## Dependencies

- `NSGA2Terminate` (from NSGA2Optimiser, to finish the optimisation)
- `NSGA2EvaluationRequest` (from NSGA2Optimiser, to request evaluation of an individual)

> - `Sensors` (actual name to be determined, has sensor data from the simulation, for calculating fitness)

Reviewer 2: What needs to be done to deal with 'NSGA2Terminate' and 'NSGA2EvaluationRequest'?

> - `Sensors` (actual name to be determined, has sensor data from the simulation, for calculating fitness)

Author: Those messages should be moved to the "Consumes" section - IIRC, there was no Consumes section when those were put there, which is how they ended up in the "Dependencies" section. NSGA2Terminate is a message that allows us to coordinate shutting things down, NSGA2EvaluationRequest is one of the messages that allows the optimiser and the evaluator to communicate, and theoretically allows multiple evaluators to serve one optimiser (to parallelise the work)
